README.md, before:

# Battery Percentage Icon
1. See your battery percentage and charging status in the Windows system tray.
2. Get Windows notification when your battery is critical, low, high, and full.
3. See more battery details such as charge rate, designed capacity and battery health in the main app window.

## Getting the app
This app requires Windows 11.

1. Install it from [Microsoft Store](https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9PCKT2B7DZMW) or search the store for "Battery Percentage Icon" if you prefer an effortless always up-to-date app experience.
2. Manually download it from the [Releases](https://github.com/soleon/Percentage/releases) page if you prefer a portable self-contained single exe file.
   * Note that to use the in-app auto start setting, you need to run the app as a Microsoft Store app.
   * Otherwise, you need to manually create a shortcut of the app in your start menu startup folder located at: `C:\Users\<user name>\AppData\Roaming\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Programs\Startup`.

GitHub releases are often a few hours or days prior to the Microsoft Store release because store apps must go through Microsoft certification process.

## Screenshots
### Notification
![Dark theme notification screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b47ad850-22ef-4fd5-bff6-e6ce72fb8456) ![Light theme notification screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6eea58bd-6aa1-4f11-a1d7-dfa350c47dea)

### Battery Details
![Dark theme battery details screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d4c3f9d0-7153-4879-b2be-09bee0cdf0fb) ![Light theme battery details screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/26ab2097-7554-4647-8b81-1230ab0c8154)

### Settings
![Dark theme settings screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5dcb6cbc-5512-46d5-bf20-f175d1a057b7) ![Light theme settings screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c9b6416c-e87d-4e58-a334-8be2c34e2fee)

Commit message:

Added notes about native battery percentage icon

README.md, after:

# Battery Percentage Icon
1. See your battery percentage and charging status in the Windows system tray.
2. Get Windows notification when your battery is critical, low, high, and full.
3. See more battery details such as charge rate, designed capacity and battery health in the main app window.

**Note**: the native battery percentage icon is also available in Windows 11 Build 26200.7019 or Build 26100.7019. See more details on [Windows Latest](https://www.windowslatest.com/2025/11/09/windows-11-gets-a-colourful-taskbar-battery-with-percentage-that-actually-helps-now-rolling-out/).

## Getting the app
This app requires Windows 11.

1. Install it from [Microsoft Store](https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9PCKT2B7DZMW) or search the store for "Battery Percentage Icon" if you prefer an effortless always up-to-date app experience.
2. Manually download it from the [Releases](https://github.com/soleon/Percentage/releases) page if you prefer a portable self-contained single exe file.
   * Note that to use the in-app auto start setting, you need to run the app as a Microsoft Store app.
   * Otherwise, you need to manually create a shortcut of the app in your start menu startup folder located at: `C:\Users\<user name>\AppData\Roaming\Microsoft\Windows\Start Menu\Programs\Startup`.

GitHub releases are often a few hours or days prior to the Microsoft Store release because store apps must go through Microsoft certification process.

## Screenshots
### Notification
![Dark theme notification screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b47ad850-22ef-4fd5-bff6-e6ce72fb8456) ![Light theme notification screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6eea58bd-6aa1-4f11-a1d7-dfa350c47dea)

### Battery Details
![Dark theme battery details screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d4c3f9d0-7153-4879-b2be-09bee0cdf0fb) ![Light theme battery details screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/26ab2097-7554-4647-8b81-1230ab0c8154)

### Settings
![Dark theme settings screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5dcb6cbc-5512-46d5-bf20-f175d1a057b7) ![Light theme settings screenshot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c9b6416c-e87d-4e58-a334-8be2c34e2fee)
